Danny Park: Alright. So
Danny Park: I'm showing our schedule for the semester on
Danny Park: the screen. Couple of changes. So I decided not to cover predictive analytics.
Danny Park: You'll get enough of that for those who are who are moving forward.
in your curriculums.
Danny Park: So I just wanna give just wanna give more team more time to kind of connect over for the group project I think I've seen just under half of the teams during office hours.
Danny Park: and for the ones I've seen. They look really good.
Danny Park: I think I think I mentioned like I was giving dra. I give draft grades during, and I don't think anyone got under like a draft grade of like an 83 or 82 like. They all look pretty good in the solid eighties.
Danny Park: and you know, with with things that we discuss in office hours. If the team applies it, it'll definitely be in the nineties, I'm sure. So the group project, or seems like the group projects are go moving along. Well, I know there is
Danny Park: some more office hours for groups that requested. I mean, there's one tonight.
Danny Park: Which I'm excited for.
Danny Park: So if you for group pride for the group. the teams that haven't met with me for group projects yet.
Danny Park: I guess the only advice I could give at this point, just to
Danny Park: try, you know. Just if you need to meet with me, please submit a request cause
Danny Park: there are a couple of teams that be quested today, and I have
Danny Park: the earliest time I have is next week. So if you wait any longer, probably not, we won't be able to get office hours with me, as I, you know, as I shared multiple times before by just getting office hours in early.
Danny Park: So then, what you see here on the screen. What you see in green
Danny Park: is what's going to be covered
Danny Park: on the final exam.
Danny Park: Okay.
Danny Park: II we won't be reviewing
Danny Park: the topics in green.
Danny Park: That's above exam. One, because you already have the recording. So I don't want to waste anyone's time, whatever we did for exam one review. Just go back and review it, because that's exactly what is going to be covered.
Danny Park: However, for the final exam. it's important to understand the 3 topics that we'll kind of review today. But to answer the final exam questions, well, you still have to bring in
Danny Park: the concepts that's covered in the green boxes above.
Danny Park: Okay. So
Danny Park: as you study or review or watch the, you know the content and the course materials associated with the the the the 3 green boxes, you know the the recordings on blackboard. Think through how the stuff that is is being covered relates to each of the topics above.
Danny Park: Okay.
Danny Park: so exam logistics, same
Danny Park: logistics logistics like last time. So our final exam is is on the fifteenth. So basically, it's a next Friday.
Danny Park: I will have the exam on blackboard ready for download
Danny Park: at 5 50 PM.
Danny Park: And
Danny Park: you guys, are, you guys could do whatever you want? You could, you know, and start the exam whenever you want, you know, at 6 30, whatever, but the only requirement is to have it in by 9 Pm.
Danny Park: On the fifteenth
Danny Park: I will be on zoom like last time from 5 50 to 7, 15, to answer any questions
Danny Park: that you may have. You don't have to take the exam in the zoom room.
Danny Park: I'll just be there available for any anyone who needs to. You know, Clara, for me to clarify questions for them, you know. Typical exam setting.
Danny Park: However, I'm not gonna be in the zoom room after 7 15.
Danny Park: Okay, you you can still email me questions that you have. But I cannot guarantee you that. Yeah, I'll be able to answer your questions through email after 7, 15.
Danny Park: So I would, you know, just recommend that. Just start the exam at 5 50,
Danny Park: read the questions.
Danny Park: Make sure you understand it. If there's something that you don't understand, hop on to zoom and ask me a question. Live? And I'll and I'll answer.
Yeah.
Danny Park: And it's a 5 essay question format, just like exam one. So let me stop here any questions around exam logistics and what's covered.
Walt Black: Professor, I just have one question. Is it still open? Note for the Yup Yup open book
Danny Park: are open recording lecture recording open script. I guess you could download the script as well. for sure. But I'll just kinda just remind everyone.
Danny Park: Do not put
Danny Park: your answers through any translation
Danny Park: service
Danny Park: definitely. Not do chat, Gpt do not
Danny Park: use websites
Danny Park: to. I don't know. I think one student before was telling tell me how he was using a website
Danny Park: to help structure the way he wanted to answer that that really didn't make sense. To me that just seemed like just plagiarism. That's in the way. Another way of saying plagiarism.
Danny Park: so
Danny Park: you could use everything that we covered in the course.
Danny Park: But write it in your own thoughts and words, because everyone here is highly intelligent. Don't delegate your intelligence to a website or chat Gp to anything else. We build these things. Human intelligence does. So we have to get out of the practice of delegating our intelligence to tools.
Danny Park: because the more we practice.
Danny Park: especially as and Mbas delegating our intelligence, we are no longer business leaders. We're just followers. You're not going to be competitive. If you are, train yourself to follow a tool.
Danny Park: Okay? Cause you don't know what that tool is built on. You have no idea if what it's providing you is top level intelligence or like leadership, worthy things. So leaders always aspire to think of things that are not discovered yet
Danny Park: right, and part of your answer should be, should be teasing beyond that.
Danny Park: Alright. So just this. Let's keep that in mind. Second thing about translation.
Danny Park: I don't grade you on your language skills. That's not my job.
Danny Park: In fact, to get into the and Mba program, every single student has to go through the yeah. You know, I think they take the the language test.
Danny Park: right? So
Danny Park: there's you should not be afraid that I'm gonna like, look over your English language skills and start docking points. I kinda I am sensitive to
Danny Park: people's language barriers. And I do catch that when I grade the exams.
Danny Park: Okay, however, grammar and formatting
Danny Park: things that are completely off right then. That's what I would, you know.
Danny Park: really kind of look into figuring out what's what's going on. and look to see if if the the essence is there.
So let me just state that
Danny Park: to make sure that I have old international students kinda like, you know, the ones who are English, not your primary language is not, is not your first. But I'll say this, though, as you graduate as you continue your Mba curriculum, and you graduate, and you want to get a competitive offer here in the States. They do assess your English skills.
Danny Park: I know I do
Danny Park: right. So on the journey
Danny Park: of the Mba curriculum. If you know you have some deficiency in English, right? Either written or writing, or listening or understanding.
Danny Park: you can't sit during an interview and put
Danny Park: use a tool to answer questions. So I would. I would highly suggest that you practice as often as you can, and not use translation devices or tools during exams. Cause you just need to practice speaking, live using the right grammar in the right context, using the English. If you want to work in the States, of course, right for those who don't wanna work in the States. And you wanna go back to home countries like just whatever I said, just forget about it. But if you wanna work in the States.
Danny Park: a huge competitive factor, differentiated is going to be English language. And that goes for both international students and local students. Right? If you you know, if you grew up in the United States and you still don't have a good good vocabulary. And you don't understand. Like.
Danny Park: when leaders speak to you like, that's gonna be deficiency as well. So always just always practice
Danny Park: communication skills and don't take shortcuts.
Danny Park: Alright. So that's the exam logistics.
Danny Park: some guardrails. I just shared any questions on that.
Danny Park: because if I and I just, I'll just put out the warning. Now, if
Danny Park: if some, if it comes back as plagiarized, just like exam. One.
Danny Park: there is no time for makeup.
Danny Park: Okay? So I just want to make sure that that's that's very clear. Alright.
Danny Park: alright. So there's there's no questions, no comments. Let's just move on to our review material. I you know, I promise again. It's not gonna be that long, because it's only 3 things.
Danny Park: And so let's pick up the first one alright. So this slide or this deck, this topic that we cover data driven mindset and deploying business analytics.
Danny Park: This is very important.
Danny Park: Okay.
Danny Park: understanding
Danny Park: how a business analytic project.
Danny Park: whatever could call business analytics, a decision making process, right
Danny Park: or strategic thinking, whatever you want to call it. It's business analytics, like consulting same thing. It's business analytics. There has to be rigor
Danny Park: and quality checks along the 3 phases of this. So this slide actually captures a lot of the essence of what it means to be
Danny Park: or run a business analytic project.
Danny Park: Right? So what this is, what we have to do is we have to understand what's happening now. So what is the current state
Danny Park: to be able to move on and figure out anything right, just like how, before you want to go to Berouk and go to school
Danny Park: right and make it for class. Where do you need to know.
Danny Park: for example, you need to know what time it is now? Right? So let's say, I have class at 6 PM.
Danny Park: And I go. What time is it now? Oh, 3 pm. Okay, I have 3 h to get there, right? So that's an example of trying. You have to understand where you are today, to plan
Danny Park: to achieve the goal
Danny Park: of getting to class.
Danny Park: Right? So have to understand what's happening route now. And you do your business analysis.
Danny Park: right? Which we have the tool set for
Danny Park: after you figure out
Danny Park: based on the data set you have at that current time. after you do your business analysis to figure out what's actually going on and what the actual business problem is.
Danny Park: That's when you could, you can start layering in the data analytics. So when we talk about business analysis, business analysis also includes data analysis meaning just looking at the data and the business situation. And you understand you coming to a conclusion that you understand everything like you have all the facts. You understand the circumstances.
Danny Park: and you have all the key data attributes that you need to do your analytics.
Danny Park: So after you do data data analytics, right? And that's gonna be usually descriptive analytics to find out what's happening now in the current state.
Danny Park: you're going to get a set of answers.
Danny Park: So before you move on to the next phase of a business analytic project
Danny Park: or your decision. You know your strategic decision making process.
Danny Park: You have to go back and say, Hey, are, do our answers make sense
Danny Park: right? And the quality of your answer is going to be the rigor and discipline and the quality of the actions that you did at the business analysis layer and the data analytics layer
Danny Park: within that phase. Right? Cause if you
Danny Park: let's say you missed a key business fact. Right? Your answer is going to be off.
Danny Park: Let's say you ha! You missed a key data attribute
Danny Park: right or factor. When I say your data set was incomplete.
Danny Park: Right? Your answer is going to be off.
Let's say you use the wrong descriptive analytic
Danny Park: method.
Danny Park: Right? Your answer will be off.
Danny Park: So the quality of the answers at each phase
Danny Park: provided input to the overall quality right? So you could just do it like a mathematic equation. Right? Let's say
Danny Park: 50% up, you know. Let's say you have 50% confidence that you answers in the in the descriptive analytic phase. Right? What's happening now
Danny Park: is 50% good.
Danny Park: Then if you multiply that against, let's say the next 2
Danny Park: answers, that's it. If the second phase answer 100%, and the last phase right, what you should do is another 100 right. The total quality of your answers is not a hundred percent, because it's 50 times a hundred times 100.
Danny Park: So if you think about it that way. your current state of what you do today. Well, what you know
Danny Park: is the most important phase of a business analytic project
Danny Park: cause. As you move forward, it's almost like
Danny Park: every step of the way, let's say you're you're trying to get from where you are to school.
Danny Park: Right? Imagine, instead of knowing
Danny Park: what your situation's today. Right? Let's say it's it's it's
Danny Park: class is 6 pm. It's 3 pm. Now. right? You know, it takes an hour to get to school
Danny Park: right? And then
Danny Park: let's say you didn't know it was 3 pm. For example.
Danny Park: right, you're missing that data set right, and you leave at that moment right? Clearly. You're going to arrive there too early.
Danny Park: right at the end. So when you arrive there too early.
Danny Park: you're waiting for class. You're standing around. That's idle time.
Danny Park: meaning that you're not doing anything productive. So you lost out in all that productive time. So that's like an example of what can happen if you
Danny Park: miss key factors and data up from the beginning. So that's what this is saying eventually is like, hey, like, just make sure that each phase you understand, and you're doing the right analysis. So you can do the right analytics to get to the best answer possible
Danny Park: to move on so at the end. Your strategy and your plan that you want to execute is
Danny Park: what you actually should do. Sort of probability of winning in the market depends on the strength of your strategy and your planning.
Danny Park: Okay, so let me stop here real quick. Any questions on this slide.
Danny Park: Alright moving on.
Danny Park: So this is the same slides that you skip, slide 4.
Danny Park: So slide 5.
Danny Park: Important. Right? We talk about the digital mindset. Right? So the digital mindset reason why it's so important is because when you go back and ask yourself, Hey, Danny, like, okay, you're telling us that
Danny Park: we need to be very good here
Danny Park: to understand or collect data
Danny Park: to a degree that we know to a certain confidence interval that our data is of good quality.
Danny Park: Right? So it sounds easy. But in organization, let's say, for, like Ppwc, we have 20,000 individuals in in Pwc right in the Us alone.
Danny Park: So how can organization
Danny Park: ensure that as many people in the organization possible are participating in an effective and efficient way to this data, analytic
Danny Park: process or business analytic process.
Danny Park: right? And we talked about how to do that.
Danny Park: Most organizations that are that perform very well. They they adopt this thing called the digital mindset, where they teach each employee
Danny Park: about how important it is to take a data centric view of everything they do.
Danny Park: So.
Danny Park: to sum up, what digital mindset example of of it would be, is it? Let's say I'm going into like just today. I had had a strategic Pre. A pre-planning strategic meeting
Danny Park: for strategic workshops next week
Danny Park: that I have coming up.
Danny Park: So had a meeting set and had an agenda written down
Danny Park: right. I didn't have it written down on paper.
Danny Park: I noted it in a digital format
Danny Park: right? And then, when we're on the actual meeting. I wasn't on the meeting
Danny Park: and I didn't tell one of my seniors to start taking manual notes and then write it in the email afterward. Right? Although that's that's good taking notes.
Danny Park: But from a digital mindset perspective with the understanding of data quality. I know that the quality of what's going to be written. Is it going to be equal to
Danny Park: the attention span and the skill sets, and the business knowledge of the person to take in the notes. So I have a senior associate doing. For example, right, let's say, had a senior associate doing it. The senior associate is usually 2 years in the business.
Danny Park: so, as the senior associates is taking, taking his or her notes.
Danny Park: The business understanding is limited.
Danny Park: So I how can I expect this person, with only 2 years in the business, be able to translate
Danny Park: what she or he is hearing from top senior partners
Danny Park: to a degree where what's going to be written and captured is not only in the spirit of the context of the meeting. But it's also accurate.
Danny Park: So I know that the probability of that right, the accuracy of what's gonna be was to be written down, and the capture of the, you know, capturing of the spirit in the context of meeting
Danny Park: is not going to yield me a pretty good data set.
Danny Park: So my option leveraging my understanding of of again data quality
Danny Park: and digital mindset.
Danny Park: I used teams, co-pilot.
Danny Park: and I recorded the meeting.
Danny Park: and everything is digitized.
Danny Park: Right? So
Danny Park: is it 100% perfect? No, but it's better than having a human being with limited business knowledge. Take the notes and date like basically create data
Danny Park: that it's probably gonna be maybe at most 60%
Danny Park: confident, meaning 60% good enough.
Danny Park: Whereas if I use technology and actually digitize it the right way
Danny Park: with the best way possible. The confidence interval
Danny Park: of that data that's captured is probably around like 95, 90, 95. So if you compare 2 teams. Let's say my team is competing against another team. Right? I already have the edge.
Danny Park: Because and when I start writing my descriptive analytic phase, I have a better data set than the other team.
Danny Park: So my answer here
Danny Park: will be better than the answer of that competitor.
Danny Park: So that competitor has to. A couple of things has to catch up to match my quality at the very end here.
Danny Park: So ha! Where do we see that in real life?
Danny Park: Oh, you! We see it in everyday, in products. There's some products that's better than others
Danny Park: that meet user requirements that just more strongly
Danny Park: right. A good example, like a really good example is the iphone versus a blackberry
Danny Park: right? Blackberry and I like. These are the blackberry and the iphone of both mobile technologies.
Danny Park: But the iphone just had did a better job of capturing user data.
Danny Park: So they are better here. They knew exactly what functions and capabilities that users wanted. In version one version, 2 version, 3 blackberry
Danny Park: they were. Datasets are complete. They're doing and running analytics is completely off, like, Oh, our users want this. Our users want that our users want want a type, a type keyboard thing on the top of the phone
Danny Park: and at Blackberry. I don't know if you guys are old enough to remember blackberry. But Blackberry went away. They're the dominant mobile business phone. And because they didn't understand how to capture data meaning their organization wasn't really paying attention to digital mindset.
Danny Park: They got out competed.
Danny Park: And Apple, who went from just making laptops, became a dominant force in business, mobile phones.
Danny Park: Right? So that's
Danny Park: why the digital minds is very important.
Danny Park: Right? So then. how do you ingrain? Right? Well, how do you actually
Danny Park: implement or apply the digital mindset right? And there is a concept or or a a a practice called digital literacy.
Danny Park: Right? Just getting your team access to tools and technologies is not good enough to say that they have a digital mindset.
Danny Park: And I think we talked about that in class right? How many people here use excel at work, but don't really know how to write a Vba code
Danny Park: cause excel was created right. I mean initially, the first excel was just a spreadsheet that you could use simple math. But Microsoft was adding more layers into the actual application.
Danny Park: So users
Danny Park: can learn how to do basic Vba code and automate the worksheet process.
Danny Park: But how many of you who use excel, right, have multiple versions of the same workbook, don't version control, and the actual tool itself causes more rework.
Danny Park: How many people get so fed up with excel. They actually do work, offline on excel. They go back to paper
Danny Park: right? Or instead of writing or tagging each other in notes and comments in excel. They write emails. So now, if you want to reference something in an Excel file, you have to go shuffle through your email to figure out what that cell is saying
Danny Park: is, they're just having a comment in there. Right? So that's an example of how organizations are buying technologies. But their staff are not literate.
Danny Park: They don't know the actual purpose behind the technology.
Danny Park: Because if you know what the purpose of excel is which is for the user to automate the entire data analytic process
Danny Park: within a given worksheet.
Danny Park: and in real time communicate with stakeholders who need to be informed of the analytics in that excel sheet
Danny Park: because you can write basic vba codes where, when you run that excel file, it will send notes to people who need to know that new, that new analytic that's been run the new numbers.
Danny Park: But instead, I see people download.
Danny Park: excel.
Danny Park: and then upload it back into an email and then send it off the people. and people never read their emails. So they come to meetings and they go. Oh, I didn't get a chance to look at the excel, or did you send me the excel when
Danny Park: oh, I don't have it! Can you resend it to me?
Danny Park: So visual literacy has access has use meaning, you know how to use
Danny Park: the tool
Danny Park: meaning. It's most valuable capabilities.
Danny Park: not just opening up a tab and typing stuff in a table and then color coding
Danny Park: right? You know how to use the most valuable capabilities of that tool within the context of what you need to do within your role
Danny Park: after you understand how to use it
Danny Park: right? Then you start mastering it. Then you start understanding like, oh, this is what the tool does. So I could use it for this. I could. So you're you're becoming innovative.
Danny Park: You're using a tool in different ways.
Danny Park: or for those who truly master the technology. You're figuring out what it doesn't provide you at the next level.
Danny Park: So you're providing feedback to Microsoft, saying, Hey, it'd be great if you can actually have a plugin that brings in all the python libraries.
Danny Park: Oh, we didn't think about that.
Danny Park: Yeah, cause I'm and I've learned your tool. I'm very advanced and mastered it, and I'm looking to do more.
Danny Park: So then, after there's the mastery of the tool, then you could actually start truly creating content. So from a digital literacy perspective, when you, when we mean you're creating content. We're meaning that you're driving new value.
Danny Park: So the tool is not just a cost play. meaning.
Danny Park: if you use excel again, I'm just using sales as an example, because I think everyone here has used excel before, like, you know, like, you guys need to pretty know very well if your organization has excel, and all you're doing is doing spreadsheets with it. You're basically paying a license for that tool.
Danny Park: And you're not generating any value from it. It's just a cost.
Danny Park: But if you have enough, your team members who've mastered a tool and they start using it in different ways and new ways and expediting work and finding efficiency and productivity. Then you're generating value from that tool.
Danny Park: So creation in the digital literacy perspective means you're generating value meaning you're getting your money back of the license cost, and you're making money from it.
Danny Park: So if you and you guys could do this, you could just do this exercise at work. Go, go to work open, go to all the excel files that's in your folders.
Danny Park: and ask yourselves how many of those excel files that you have actually generated or helped generate some type of revenue.
Danny Park: It's probably gonna be 0 for many of you.
Danny Park: right as again, not your fault, but as Mbas. That's how, as Mbas in analytics and technology leaders, that's how we have to view our technology suite of products.
Danny Park: we can't just buy to give them something
Danny Park: we have to give them everything else on top to be able to be for them, for them to be digitally literate once you're literate and dig in technologies.
Danny Park: That's when you're feeding your analytic process that your firm has.
Danny Park: So that's how the concepts tie in. And that's how it ties into data quality.
Danny Park: The quality of the data that your firm has is equal to how well its employees use
Danny Park: technologies to generate data
Danny Park: because there's a lot of information and knowledge that's not captioned in datasets that you need it to be in there for you to be able to run
Danny Park: your business analytic project to get to the right strategy and plan.
So going back to Blackberry, they had a lot of missing data and information.
Danny Park: So their strategy and plan was always going to be off.
Danny Park: and when they're going total toe with apple apple demolished them into literally oblivion
Danny Park: to a degree. We could borrow those concepts and apply it to our careers.
Danny Park: So if everyone, if you, if you really want to let this sink in, you could sink it in that way
Danny Park: the way our the world is moving. We're moving to a very data centric world
Danny Park: where now we're competing with tools that are fed with data and knowledge that we probably don't understand or know.
Danny Park: So we have to figure out
Danny Park: how to specialize in a particular area.
Danny Park: to remain competitive enough to have a very lucrative and long-term career.
Danny Park: especially especially for those who are getting their Mbas.
Danny Park: So a good takeaway from this slide would be is doing a true assessment of your current situation, saying, right, you're gonna apply business analytics to yourself. And you're gonna say.
Danny Park: am I? Do? I actually know
Danny Park: some technology very well
Danny Park: that I can turn into a competitive advantage
Danny Park: meaning. It's gonna make me money, right? Because a job is make you make as professionals. We make our money through getting our employment and our raises and our bonuses and everything else.
Danny Park: So the same concepts that you see that we're covering today. It's it's it's a is a business concept that extends to us individually, because we're all business people. We are our own business.
Danny Park: So after
Danny Park: you teach your staff or yourself or your organization about what digital mindset is
Danny Park: right. You have to start digitizing
Danny Park: right? Then you could digitalize right? So I won't go through definitions here. I will. You know.
Danny Park: you guys read it yourselves, and we covered it before in the last recording. But this is a very important concept, too.
Danny Park: Okay?
Danny Park: Because if we don't digitize, we can't digitalize.
Danny Park: And if you can't digitalize, you can't digitally transform
Danny Park: right. And many people, many organizations.
Danny Park: When they say that we're in digital transformation.
Danny Park: Most often they confuse themselves
Danny Park: when they're actually in digitization, you can't be taking manual things and turning them into digitized format. And to say you're digitally transforming
Danny Park: digital transformation, as the definition says, is a series of deep and coordinated culture workforce and technology shifts that enable new educational and operating models and transform an institutions, operations, strategic direction and value proposition. So I use an example of Pwc of why, ha! Our digital transformation efforts?
Danny Park: 20 years ago
Danny Park: we went through an exercise of of understanding that. Oh, you know what a lot of our things are. Not really, that digitized
Danny Park: lot of stuff is still manual, I mean, in in heavy paper.
Danny Park: So we have to make an effort to digitize as much as we can.
Danny Park: Right? So if you go to, if you go to this slide, we're like somewhere in the yellow
Danny Park: fast forward, right? We digitize a lot right? We captured a lot of information. We automated processes right? We bought in Uipath. We did, you know, advanced Vba code. But in other process, tools and other value chains. And we started to streamline processes.
Danny Park: We did all that. Now, today.
Danny Park: we're probably one of the only firms.
Danny Park: actually like a handful of firms where we have our own instance of generative generative AI in the organization.
Danny Park: and that has streamlined our way of work, our culture, how we we have a complete digital workforce that's not human.
Danny Park: We rolled out initiatives called myplus and the new equation to give more power
Danny Park: to our human employees for them to figure out how they want to move around their careers with this new technology that came into place. So we're letting everyone re-engineer how they want to work.
Danny Park: So there's no way we could have brought in Pwfc. Chat
Danny Park: our version of Gen. AI. Without doing all the other work here
Danny Park: and to do all this stuff here we have to still abide by the same things. We have to understand what information systems are right, that that the the how one ripple a one
Danny Park: thing that happens in the people component can affect the data component.
Danny Park: We have to understand infrastructure. We have to understand data quality and data strategy.
Danny Park: We have to be digital mindset and digitally literate.
Danny Park: Right? We had to digitize, then digital lies, then do digital transformation.
Danny Park: So all these things that we covered right here.
Danny Park: They all are interrelated to one another.
Danny Park: And all those things that we do feeds our world class. This is analytic
Danny Park: project methodology.
Danny Park: Okay, so that's slide 9. Don't worry about slide 10
Danny Park: any questions so far.
Danny Park: Alright.
Danny Park: So the next slide so slides 13 to 17. It's important because we have to understand how to structure a business analytic project.
Danny Park: because a structure that you see here is what in Slide 13 and 14 is what ensures that each phase is run with high quality.
Danny Park: So that's slide 13 and 14
Danny Park: and then slide 1516. Don't worry about
Danny Park: and slide 17 is important.
Danny Park: Okay? Because sometimes when you're running your business. So the business analysis
Danny Park: and your data analysis is meant to discover if you have any gaps.
Danny Park: So these are a list of the most common gaps
Danny Park: that an organization would find as they run their analysis, toolkit.
Danny Park: Ignoring these gaps. right is a recipe for disaster.
Danny Park: So a good way to think about it is if you are ever running a data analytic project, or you have a data analytic team where consulted team present to you their findings.
Danny Park: And then you asked him this one question, did you discover any gaps during your analysis? And how did you fill it? And if they ever come back with like there are. There are no gaps for us to for us that we found.
Danny Park: I would pretty much guarantee you that they didn't do any analysis.
Danny Park: and that whatever they're presenting to you the conf the confidence interval, meaning the probability of their solutions being successful is going to be pretty low
Danny Park: compared to a competitor who actually did a robust and rigorous analysis phase
Danny Park: alright.
Danny Park: So that's it. For this slide deck before we move on last call for questions.
Danny Park: Alright.
Danny Park: Then let's get into the tool set
Danny Park: right. So there's not gonna be a lot of you know. I'm not gonna revisit a lot lot of slides and topics. But I'm just gonna point out some important things right? First one.
Danny Park: And this kind of relates to everyone's
Danny Park: project through a project.
Danny Park: You have to find the actual problem statement.
Danny Park: The problem statement most often is not
Danny Park: the high level comment or
Danny Park: the business problem that someone tends to tell you that that's what their problem is.
Danny Park: The problem statement is the
Danny Park: root cause
Danny Park: of what a stakeholder is stressing to you. That is causing them
Danny Park: some level of dysfunction
Danny Park: right? An example of this that we used last time I'll go through it again is is easiest. One is going to a doctor
Danny Park: when you go to a doctor, and you complain about a fever
Danny Park: right? A very bad doctor.
Danny Park: we'll just say, go take aspirin and Tylenol drink some water. Get out of here.
Danny Park: Right? Because why? Because we know, because we all been sick before right, that our headache can be a symptom of a more under deeper, underlying problem.
Danny Park: Right? It could be dehydration.
Danny Park: It could be kidney failure. It could be cancer. It could be a flu right. It could be so many things.
Danny Park: So a good doctor. They ask 5. Y's right. The concept of 5 y's, they keep asking questions to tease out more symptoms
Danny Park: to where the pattern of symptoms discovered
Danny Park: will eventually lead to the actual cause right? And sometimes, when a doctor asks the questions and gets more information, even though if the doctor can't identify the root cause. Doctor knows, hey? I know exactly what test to run.
Danny Park: meaning. I know exactly what analytics to do to give me more clues as to what the root cause is of your sickness, because I don't want to misdiagnose you, because if you have actually have cancer and I miss it, you will die.
Danny Park: the headache will lead to death.
Danny Park: So a business a bit when a business is sick
Danny Park: meaning a business is not making money.
Danny Park: and you can think of it that way when a human being is sick, reason why is very bad for society is that when people get sick we're not productive
Danny Park: when we're not productive. We're not generating any value. When a society doesn't generate value.
Danny Park: Right? That's when societies fail. It's the same concept with business.
Danny Park: Sick businesses don't make money
Danny Park: because they're dysfunctional. they're unproductive.
Danny Park: So an Mba.
Danny Park: they're supposed to understand how to discover the root cause of the sickness and provide the right medicine to alleviate the root cause which goes gets rid of all the symptoms.
Danny Park: Because if I have a headache and the doctor missed the fact, I have cancer
Danny Park: and solution's my symptom of a headache. Guess what my cancer still there and my other symptoms are still there.
Danny Park: so your poor doctor would keep giving me. Hey! Take this therapy, then that therapy, then this medicine, that medicine right without addressing the actual cancer. Maybe I need surgery to remove the tumor.
Danny Park: Then boom! I'm alive again. I'm productive now.
Danny Park: instead of the cancer festering
Danny Park: right? And so for years I'm just in pain and being less productive until I go away like a business for years, you. So you just bleed money and don't make money until you dissolve.
Danny Park: That's because they didn't have any good. Mbas.
Danny Park: who understood how to get to the actual group problem.
Danny Park: Everything starts with getting to the root problem. You cannot analyze that or solution anything without understanding what the proof problem is.
Danny Park: if you do, yeah short term, you might get some wins. But long term, your company's gonna fail, blackberry.
Danny Park: So how do you find the prom statement.
Danny Park: Right? You run your analysis, the business analysis, your squat.
Danny Park: your pesto
Danny Park: right, your risk analysis.
Danny Park: your competitor analysis.
Danny Park: because sometimes your environment might be causing issues for you.
Danny Park: Right?
Danny Park: Also, like I I'm seeing like
Danny Park: bug bytes everywhere.
Danny Park: What am I gonna do? I'm gonna keep putting lotion on it, or I'm gonna go. Oh, my God, there's I'm sitting on top of a red ant nest, and we just get up and move.
Danny Park: Oh, good! I don't. I don't need to but keep buying lotion and spend a thousand dollars a year on lotion
Danny Park: from these bug bytes. I just have to move. I have no more bug bytes.
Danny Park: so I no longer have bug buys, and I could stop spending money
Danny Park: on a remedy to a symptom.
Danny Park: How many companies literally do that? They don't understand who the competitors are. The competitors are flexing their muscles in the, in, in the industry, and they keep responding to what the competitors doing, because they just didn't understand that the person that they're they're fighting
Danny Park: or they're they see in the market is actually their competitor.
Danny Park: right? So have to run the analysis to figure out what the actual business problem is. So you have all these benchmarking
Danny Park: process analysis.
Danny Park: So everything you see in the business, an analysis tool set is is meant to provide the business analytic team discoveries
Danny Park: to determine what the actual business problem is, and also at the same time to bolster the data set because you're going to have discoveries made that you're like, you know what? That has to be in the data set.
Danny Park: For example, if you discover a new competitor.
Danny Park: If you go back to Competiti as examples, I go back to competitor analysis.
Danny Park: right?
Danny Park: We may have a competitor
Danny Park: who's solving the same problem for customs for the same customer, but in a different way.
Danny Park: So if you're if we're not paying attention to that, we we might lose our customer
Danny Park: because my customer would say, oh, you know what that company is, still solving my problem, but they're doing it different than way you do. I like the way they do it
Danny Park: right. And I go back to the blackberry
Danny Park: right? Although the black bear and iphone
Danny Park: right, they're attacking the same business problem, but just in a different way.
Danny Park: and people gravitated more toward the way iphone was doing it
Danny Park: with their full setup integrations and power of the Ios system.
Danny Park: Alright. So that's that for this
Danny Park: slide deck, this lecture.
Danny Park: so don't need to memorize. like all the tool sets right the analysis right?
Danny Park: We have. But we have to appreciate that if we wanted to make
Danny Park: the best business decision.
Danny Park: All these things that we cover in the green have to come together.
and
Danny Park: the Mbas who understand that more
Danny Park: will have a deeper understanding. Or, in other words, they're literate.
Danny Park: They are the ones who outwork and outperform other Mbas.
Danny Park: And in essence, and the Mba is business is a is a business analyst. A CEO is is the ultimate business analyst.
Danny Park: Alright? So that's it
Danny Park: for our review, for the content, right? Everything. All the other content is that we we you know, the the these other topics are on the exam. One review. So please go take a look at that. So here I am, ready to ask answer any questions that anyone has.
Danny Park: But go ahead. Oh, yeah, just to confirm. So the ones highlighted in green are the only ones that will be covered on the final. Okay, so for the green, all you got, I, yeah, just look at that like, if you look, if you look at, if you review the exam, one
Danny Park: recording that we did will go through the important parts that you need to know from the green side, so I didn't want to go through that with any like again, because, like, that's a waste of time, I don't want to keep anyone here longer than need to, because I know everyone is going to work on the group project
Danny Park: after this. So just for those, II guess a tip would be. Go back to our example and review recording, and then just remind yourself exactly the portions in the green that I covered, and then.
Danny Park: I guess, go through this recording
Danny Park: to get exactly what parts that I just covered. And then just think through how those things are interrelated, because there is a connection
Danny Park: so to do well. On the final exam. the answers are going to have to interconnect multiple concepts from the greens that we see to answer the the actual problem.
Danny Park: the questions I pose right?
Danny Park: It's it's the same, just like trying to figure out exactly what being being asked. And then we try to find the, you know, the comprehensive specific answer to that. Yeah.
Danny Park: right? Any other questions.
Danny Park: Sorry. Just one other 10, yeah, is the is the data wrangling and descriptive statistics going to be on the final or no? No, no, no, okay, don't worry. Yep, no, no, no statistics
Danny Park: on the final
Danny Park: alright. Any other any other questions.
Danny Park: Alright, if not.
Danny Park: everyone have a great oh, wait, Mustafa, you went off.
Mustafa Afif: Yeah, Professor. Yeah. II sent you an email, professor. Could you please respond that?
Danny Park: Sure, sure. Thanks so much. I appreciate you. Welcome. Oh, you wanted the Ida member. Yes, I I'm II saw it earlier.
Danny Park: I will, I'll I'll get you that. Yup! Yup, I'll post on blackboard. Actually. Yeah, welcome.
Danny Park: Larry. I saw your hand up.
Yes.
Leonard (Wess): hey? How are you? Thank you.
Leonard (Wess): I'm doing well, thank you for asking man just trying to keep up with these finals. So I did. I responded to email as well, I know you got a lot going on. So I just wanted to give you a heads up just in case you missed it.
Leonard (Wess): Yeah, no, I'm not worried. I know you got a lot going on, so I just wanted to give you a heads up just in case
Danny Park: alright. If there, if there are no other questions. Everyone have a great weekend.
Danny Park: Please. Groups for those who haven't got together yet. Please get together quickly, because the due date is coming soon and I'll see everyone on the exam next week.
Danny Park: Thanks. Everybody. Have a good week. Oh, and there's a group that has office hours. You you could stick around if you want. So you could get that done early.
Leonard (Wess): Alright, good night, Professor. Appreciate it.
Esaline Jarvis: Thank you, Professor. Goodnight.
Taeeun Kim: Oh, Hi, Professor, can you hear me?
Danny Park: Hey? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let me. Now, I'm gonna let me stop the recording real quick, cause I.